# Sprint 3 Review Meeting Notes
Date: 11/29/2024  
- Attended by: Amy, Andrew, Aryan, Keqian, Sneha, Venu

- Updates
    - Sneha
        - Looked at basic integration of the templates
        - Wants to know how long until Keqian can push so she can get started
    - Aryan
        - Has to work on JS Doc
        - Will add git commit feature
    - Amy
        - All done with current style update, opened a PR and merged things in
        - Will have to readjust when Venu merges in
        - Need to look at delete button next
    - Andrew
        - HTML report in progress
    - Keqian
        - Templates done, opening a PR
        - Will ensure they match new style too
        - Need to look at delete button next